readme.md, before:

# FME Template
This is the root directory for the new FME Template.  The 
Goals of the template are:

1. Update to use the most modern FME python libraries 
2. Make template modular.  All code external to the actual
   FMW's that use them, allowing for rapid bug fixing and
   rapid addition of new features.
3. Provide FME source and destination transparency, through
   the implementation of a new strict parameter standard.
   
# About

## Template Development Project Plan
Project plan re-iterating in more detail the goals of the the 
new template:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/13j919H17UV_g4VQFi4Z3Yjhw8NXBs7OLuSMCc2OkL1Y/edit

## Template Parameter Standard:
Description of the published and private parameters necessary for 
the an FMW to implement the template:
http://test.apps.bcgov/guide/intdocs/fme-template-v2-draft-parameter-spec/

## Template Implementation Plan
Oveview of steps to be taken to implement the fme template on our 
production fmw scripts.
http://test.apps.bcgov/guide/intdocs/fme-template-implementation-plan/

# Description
What follows is a description of the various directories and scripts 
that make up the template.

## ./

### DataBCFMWTemplate.py
This is the module that contains all the code necessary to implement the
various python functions used by FMW's that implement the template.

### FMELogger.py
Contains a wrapper that allows regular fme log messages to be forwarded
to the fme log file.

### usercustomize.py
When the template is run on Matar this module sets up the dependency path

### ChangeDetectLib.py
The module with the code necessary for the custom file change detection 
to work.  Only contains the methods, the actual change detect code is with 
the "Change Detect" custom transformer in the fmeCustomizations\Transformers
folder.

## ./config

Where the various config files related to the template are stored

### dbCreds.json
This is an optional file that is used when FMW scripts are in in development.
When scripts are run on a machine other than arneb or matar the password
credentials will be retrieved from this file.

### templateDefaults.config
This file is well documented by comments.  A small subset of aspects that the 
file controls include:
  - relative file paths to other aspects of the template
  - acceptable keywords to be used to indicate whether the script should
    be run against delivery, test or production environments.
  - database connection parameters to be used when running in dlv, test, or
    production modes.
  - pmp tokens used to gain access to passwords
  
### templateLogging.config
This is a python logging config file amarks described [here](https://docs.python.org/2/library/logging.config.html):
If anything needs to be changed relating to how logging is configured
for the template it should be done in this file.  Example:
  - changing log levels
  - creating a new output log (console, file, etc...)
  - change log message format
  - and much much more!
  
## ./fmeCustomizations
Currently the only customizations that the template uses is "custom linked transformers".
FME Workbench requires you create all the directories in contained 
in this folder in order to use FME cutomizations.  When developing 
outside of DataBC firewalls (example on a standard GTS) you may have 
to configure FME to use these custom folders.

To add this path to FME: Tools->FME Options->Default Paths, then add the 
folder to the "Shared FME Folders".

A process has been created that automatically deploys these folders
to FME server.

## ./lib_ext
This is where external dependencies should be put.  The requirements.txt
file that is found in this directory contains dependencies for this the 
actual template code as well as the dependencies of DataBC Libs used by 
the template.

## ./outputs
This is where change detection logs will be stored as well as any failed
features files.  The template will generate this directory automatically 
then the fme script only needs to consume it.

## ./tests
Unit tests, and other code used to evaluate functionality of the 
template.

## ./util
utility scripts used for implementation of the template.  These are described
below.

### ServerSync.py
The script used to sync the various components used by the template 
with FME Server.

Commit message:

Updating the readme file
- should include linkages to where the documentation is stored.
- describe other docs etc.

readme.md, after:

# FME Template
This is the root directory for the new FME Template.  The 
Goals of the template are:

1. Update to use the most modern FME python libraries 
2. Make template modular.  All code external to the actual
   FMW's that use them, allowing for rapid bug fixing and
   rapid addition of new features.
3. Provide FME source and destination transparency, through
   the implementation of a new strict parameter standard.
   
# About

## FME Template - User Documentation
This is a guide to allow FME developers to get started using our new FME 
template.  Be sure you have at least scanned
this document before continuing on to read about other pieces related
to the template.

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WXUMN-2RDC_7u3OgtbG-NYFevKqZcZlxwF4PEB_lpu4/edit?usp=sharing

## FME Template - Technical Documentation
This is a more indepth description of how various pieces that make up the
template function.  Where config files are located, how they are used, how 
change detection works. etc...

This is a much less polished document as is not intended as a publicly 
consumable document.  Its been a scratch space to put documentation 
in lieu of having another place to put it which the template was under
development.  Eventually the goal is to move everything in 
this document into appendices in the User Documentation.

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1U31K0jl9dTwqbNZJuajbLf-dhmNlrCzpXZBrfxKlgJY/edit?usp=sharing

## Template Development Project Plan
Project plan re-iterating in more detail the goals of the the 
new template:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/13j919H17UV_g4VQFi4Z3Yjhw8NXBs7OLuSMCc2OkL1Y/edit

## Template Parameter Standard:
Description of the published and private parameters necessary for 
the an FMW to implement the template is included in the 'Parameter 
Standard' section of the user documentation

(old path to parameter spec)
http://test.apps.bcgov/guide/intdocs/fme-template-v2-draft-parameter-spec/

## Template Implementation Plan
Oveview of steps to be taken to implement the fme template on our 
production fmw scripts.
http://test.apps.bcgov/guide/intdocs/fme-template-implementation-plan/

# Description
What follows is a description of the various directories and scripts 
that make up the template.

## ./

### DataBCFMWTemplate.py
This is the module that contains all the code necessary to implement the
various python functions used by FMW's that implement the template.

### FMELogger.py
Contains a wrapper that allows regular fme log messages to be forwarded
to the fme log file.

### usercustomize.py
When the template is run on Matar this module sets up the dependency path

### ChangeDetectLib.py
The module with the code necessary for the custom file change detection 
to work.  Only contains the methods, the actual change detect code is with 
the "Change Detect" custom transformer in the fmeCustomizations\Transformers
folder.

## ./config

Where the various config files related to the template are stored

### dbCreds.json
This is an optional file that is used when FMW scripts are in in development.
When scripts are run on a machine other than arneb or matar the password
credentials will be retrieved from this file.

### templateDefaults.config
This file is well documented by comments.  A small subset of aspects that the 
file controls include:
  - relative file paths to other aspects of the template
  - acceptable keywords to be used to indicate whether the script should
    be run against delivery, test or production environments.
  - database connection parameters to be used when running in dlv, test, or
    production modes.
  - pmp tokens used to gain access to passwords
  
### templateLogging.config
This is a python logging config file amarks described [here](https://docs.python.org/2/library/logging.config.html):
If anything needs to be changed relating to how logging is configured
for the template it should be done in this file.  Example:
  - changing log levels
  - creating a new output log (console, file, etc...)
  - change log message format
  - and much much more!
  
## ./fmeCustomizations
Currently the only customizations that the template uses is "custom linked transformers".
FME Workbench requires you create all the directories in contained 
in this folder in order to use FME cutomizations.  When developing 
outside of DataBC firewalls (example on a standard GTS) you may have 
to configure FME to use these custom folders.

To add this path to FME: Tools->FME Options->Default Paths, then add the 
folder to the "Shared FME Folders".

A process has been created that automatically deploys these folders
to FME server.

## ./lib_ext
This is where external dependencies should be put.  The requirements.txt
file that is found in this directory contains dependencies for this the 
actual template code as well as the dependencies of DataBC Libs used by 
the template.

## ./outputs
This is where change detection logs will be stored as well as any failed
features files.  The template will generate this directory automatically 
then the fme script only needs to consume it.

## ./tests
Unit tests, and other code used to evaluate functionality of the 
template.

## ./util
utility scripts used for implementation of the template.  These are described
below.

### ServerSync.py
The script used to sync the various components used by the template 
with FME Server.
